1. Introduction 
1. a task definition 
2. the motivation for why you explored the methods you chose to explore 

Study other projects implementing large language models to grade rock climbs on training boards. Then implement our own large language model to grade climbs.

Standardize and double check the graded difficulty of rock climbs and attempt to grade novel rock climbs. We want to gain experience working with large language models.

2. Related Work 
1. for each of the methods/algorithms you use: summarize the algorithm and give a reference 
2. for all other work that you refer to, summarize in one one paragraph 

2 Ideas:
Whole climbs approach:
with pathfinding or similar algorithm from start node(s) end node(s) grade the difficulty of path from the start to the end.

Individual move approach:
grade each individual move separately starting from the start node(s) and building a move set to the end node(s). Combine these moves together to make a climb applying a grading scale so that the moves towards the end of the climb are graded with a larger difficulty modifier.

3. Approach (what are the methods that you implemented 
1. For every method that you implemented: 
1. Provide a unique name (that is also used in the Evaluation section) 
2. Describe how the method works in a way that someone else could reproduce it. 
3. Provide pseudo code and figures where appropriate 
2. How are you combining different methods to address your task? 

4. Evaluation 
1. describe your evaluation paradigm, that is 
1. data set 
2. corpus 
3. queries 
4. ground truth 
2. Which methods are you comparing? 
3. Which evaluation measures will are you using? 
4. What are the results? 
5. Give plots and tables --- Label your axes! 
6. Provide at least one paragraph per plot/table, that walks the reader through the plot/table and interprets the results. 
7. Which methods worked better/worse? 
8. Are errors of different methods complementary? 
9. what are typical errors? 
10.Discuss statistical significance of the results (standard error bar test, pair-t-test) 
11.If applicable, include a screenshot of your prototype. 

5. Conclusion / Future Work 
1. Summarize your findings in two sentences 
2. If you would solve the task again, what would you do differently? 

6. Contributions / Roles 
1. For every team member, indicate the role played and the contributions made.
